# Meeting on 2020.08.28 17:00 UTC

## Meeting information

- Location: https://meet.jit.si/Flameshot
- Meeting participants (by the order of joining the call):
    - mmahmoudian
    - szabi
    - Martin Eckieben
    - Yurii Puchkov (Namecheap)
    - brgmanJeremy
    - Vlad Fedosov (Namecheap)
    - Terminus
    - Lupo
    - Pavel Kalugin
    - Andrew

Participants waited for 5 minutes in case others would like to join the call as three of the people who initially registed for the call in the poll were not in the call.


## general Discussion

The following are the notes taken during the meeting:

### mmahmoudian (Mehrad)

- At the begining of the meeting, initiated the meeting, layed down a general agenda of which people have prepared talks and etc.
- suggested that as there are 365 open issues on the repo, one of the first steps should be to categorize and lable the issues, and at the same time Jeremy and other fork owners who have addressed some of the issues in their fork can mark those issues as closed.


### Lupo

- He agrees with the idea of organization
- At the moment he does not have time or motivation to work on Flameshot, but he would like to get bacj to it at some point.
- He accepts that he need some help in maintaining the project, but at the same time he need to trust people and assign roles in the organization.
- He started the Flameshot while he was learning C++ and as the result the current code need some refactoring
- At the moment the code uses Qmake and he would like to move away from it
- Lupo insisted that since the software is being used by many people, any "big feature" should be first approved by the community and then added to the software.
- He suggested that there should be a template for bug reports and feature requests so that we know the details in written format and we can decide better.
    - he suggested in general we follow the concept that is presented in godot docs: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/community/contributing/best_practices_for_engine_contributors.html#best-practices
- He would like to be in charge and if there is a change in the software that he does not like, he would like to be able to rollback the codebase unilaterally.
- regarding the git workflow, Lupo suggested following the godot instructions: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/community/contributing/pr_workflow.html


### Matrin

- in response to Lupo Martin mentioned
    - that the refactoring has been discussed on Slack and the general consensus was that we refactor the parts as we develpe them (duing bug fixes, adding features, etc.)
    - at the moment we can start with giving some permission to two people and then gradualy as we progress and community gain Lupo's trust, we can expand the roles.


### Jeremy

- presented a presentation about the state of his fork
- he have port the codebase to use cmake instead of qmake
- as alternative git workflow approach Jeremy suggested: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows


### Pavel

- suggested https://github.com/apps/bors to facilitate the development through the “common sense” workflow in Github.


## Agreed next immediated steps

- Lupo will
    - join Slack
    - create organization
    - transfer the repo to the organization
    - add Jeremy and Mehrad to the organization
- we will have another meeting in few weeks to assess the progress and 
